# data_science_project
this is all the data science projects.
First project is predicting false,the libraries that are used in the project are pandas,numpy,tensorflow,train split,standard scaler and matplotlib.The goal for this analysis is to predict credit card fraud in the transactional data. I will be using tensorflow to build the predictive model, and t-SNE to visualize the dataset in two dimensions at the end of this analysis.
The sections of this analysis include:
Exploring the Data
Building the Neural Network
Visualizing the Data with t-SNE.
Second Project is scientific calculator the tool that used in this project is tkinter.Here we are going to create GUI Scientific Calculator using Python. As you can see, calculating large numbers nowadays is difficult or time-consuming. We’ve created a simple Scientific Calculator GUI using Python that allows you to perform simple and complex calculations. To implement GUI we will use the Tkinter module of Python.Here we will create geometry or a so-called layout for the GUI of the calculator by using Tkinter.
The project is about the movie recomendation,movie prediction is an important way to predict movie revenue and performance. Through data analysis, we can find the most popular genres, performance in recent years and how it affects the reputation of the next movie. As movie production incurs huge cost and efforts, our effort is to predict the percentage of success, so that production could be managed accordingly. Throughout the paper, we will discuss about the different ways in which the data analysis used by the film gives a precise idea to each production about the best or worst chances of success and/or failure. In this paper, our goal is to focus on predicting the profitability of a film to support film investment decisions in the early stages of film production. The movie producers and directors can make use of the proposed model in various ways like: modify the movie criteria for becoming blockbusters, launch movie at particular time period to get maximum profit, predict the fan following to get a blockbuster and so on.
The fourth one is bank authenticiation clustering Bank currency is our country\'s most valuable asset, and to cause inconsistencies in money, criminals use phony notes that seem identical to the real one on the stock exchange. During demonetization time it is seen that so much fake currency is floating in the market. In general, for a human being, it is very difficult to identify forged notes from the genuine not instead of various parameters designed for identification as many features of forged notes are similar to the original one. To discriminate between fake bank currency and original note is a challenging task. So, there must be an automated system that will be available in banks or ATMs. To design such an automated system there is a need to design an efficient algorithm that can predict whether the banknote is genuine or forged bank currency as fake notes are designed with high precision. In this paper, six supervised machine learning algorithms are applied to the dataset available on the UCI machine learning repository for the detection of Bank currency authentication. To implement this we have applied Support Vector Machine, Random Forest, Logistic Regression, Naïve Bayes, Decision Tree, K- Nearest Neighbor by considering three train test ratios 80:20, 70:30, and 60:40 and measured their performance based on various quantitative analysis parameters like Precision, Accuracy, Recall, MCC, F1-Score and others. And some SML algorithms are giving 100 % accuracy for a particular train test ratio.
